docs: add info about merging fixtures to fixtures page (#28468)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-fixtures-js.md

* `testFixture` depends on `workerFixture` and triggers its setup.
* `workerFixture` is lazily set up before the second test, but teared down once during worker shutdown, as a worker-scoped fixture.
* `autoWorkerFixture` is set up for `beforeAll` hook, but `autoTestFixture` is not.

> ## Merging fixtures
> * since: v1.39
> 
> You can merge test fixtures from multiple files or modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Combine custom fixtures from multiple modules

You can merge test fixtures from multiple files or modules:
```

Reviewer: Note: The since: notation only works in the api docs.
